Check NaN before making and querying kdtree (#9007)
astropy/astropy: CHANGES.rst

- Fix concatenation of representations for cases where the units were different.
  [#8877]

> - Check any NaN before building and querying KDTree for matching coordinates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check for NaN values in catalog and match coordinates before building and 
  querying the ``KDTree`` for coordinate matching. [#9007]
```

>   [#9007]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
